Finally. It is mine.
Not if I have anything to say about it.
[GRUNTING AND YELLING]
Unh! Whew.
[GRUNTING]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You think you can stop me?
I know I can.
[ROBIN YELLS]
[GRUNTS]
[YELLING]
It is only fair to warn you
that I have trained with the best.
It is only fair to warn you. so have I.
[CHUCKLES EVILLY]
You are very confident.
Too confident.
Since we are both honorable fighters.
I shall offer you a deal.
If I cannot defeat you in three moves.
I shall surrender.
You can have fifty moves
and I'll still defeat you.
[GRUNTING]
I'm afraid you'll have to do better
than that.
So will you.
You are good.
But you're going down.
You forget. I still have one more move.
That's three.
Where did you learn
to fight like that?
If you want to be the best.
you will have to seek the true master.
Robin. you are leaving us?
ROBIN:
I have to.
Dude. you got your butt kicked.
It happens.
Happens to some of us more than others.
Anyway. It doesn't mean
you have to quit.
Yes. We will soon locate this Katarou...
...and then it will be you
who is kicking the butt.
I'm not quitting the team.
But my fight showed me how much
I still have to learn about martial arts.
No problem. I can help you train.
I got a new computer-simulated
fight sequence in the gym.
I've already trained with the best.
And apparently it wasn't enough.
There's only one person
who can help me.
You wish to learn from this true master
of whom the villain spoke?
I'm not coming back until I find him.
What? Oh. come on. man.
How do you know this true master
is even a good guy?
How will find him?
Do you know where you're going?
- I'm not sure.
- Sounds like a plan.
According to legend...
...he lives in the mountains
on the other side of the world...
...and can be found only
by the most serious of students.
I'm in. When do we leave?
What should I pack? Will I need shots?
This is gonna be so cool.
I have to go alone.
CYBORG: That guy takes himself
way too seriously.
ROBIN:
Excuse me?
- Hello.
- Go away.
I'm sorry to bother you. but I have come
to train with the true master.
Of course. you have.
Boys like you always want
to train with the true master.
Why else would you be here
in the middle of nowhere?
So you know where I can find him?
He cannot train you.
I've come a long way.
If you don't mind. I'd like the true master
to tell me that himself.
If you want to find the true master...
...you must get to the top
of the mountain before night falls.
Thanks.
The route to the top is very challenging.
Many have tried. Many have failed.
I can handle it.
You are not dressed
properly for such a journey.
The true master will only see you if you
leave everything from your world behind.
[MUMBLING AND GRUNTING
INDISTINCTLY]
The mask stays.
- Very well.
ROBIN: My weapons.
The true master
will not teach you with them.
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
Can I go now?
Come. I'll show you
where the path begins.
No grappling hook.
Okay. I'll just swim across.
MAN'S VOICE:
Are you always so confident?
Are you talking to me?
Do you see anyone else
on the bridge?
I am the guardian of the river.
If you wish to get to the mountain top.
you must first get past me.
Okay.
[GRUNTS]
I don't really wish to fight you.
little warrior.
Perhaps you have not noticed.
I. ahem. am quite large.
I've beaten guys
much bigger than you.
Very well.
[YELLS IN PAIN]
Are you still so certain you can win?
[WHISTLES AND POPS]
[INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE]
[THUNDER CRASHES]
Robin. you are...
You are not Robin.
- Heh. Uh... What's up?
- Beast Boy...
...why are you wearing Robin's uniform?
Call me Beast Boy Wonder.
You should not be in Robin's
room when he is away.
Come on. It's fun.
Look at all the cool stuff
in here.
[OBJECTS CRASH
AND CAT YOWLS]
Robin would say that is not a toy.
He would say to leave that alone.
If you're gonna talk like Robin. then
maybe you should dress like him too.
BEAST BOY:
He has more than one uniform.
[ROBIN STRAINING]
Please. give up.
You don't want to do this.
There is still time for you to turn back.
I'll never turn back.
I admire your commitment.
[GRUNTS AND SNARLS]
Ooh...
[GROWLS]
You may proceed. But be warned...
...once you have crossed the river.
there is no turning back.
Well. that was a big waste of time.
Unh! Ow! Unh!
Next time an old woman
tells you to leave your shoes behind... Unh!
- Take them anyway.
[HUMMING]
How did you get past the bear?
The same way you did.
I walked.
Excuse me. but I'm kind of
in a hurry.
- You are very rude. you know.
- Huh?
You're in such a hurry.
you do not have time...
...to help an old woman
with a heavy burden?
May I help you?
- Very well.
- Unh!
How far until I reach
the true master?
That all depends on you.
You will see the true master
when you are ready.
And how far do you want
me to carry these?
Just far enough for an
old woman to rest her back.
Now. since you are in such a hurry.
there is your path.
What path?
There's no way out.
MAN'S VOICE [HISSING]:
None that you can see.
[HISSES]
I am the guardian of the cave.
To continue your journey to the top.
you must first get past me.
You're blind. I won't fight you.
It wouldn't be fair.
SNAKE:
Now the fight is even.
Neither of us can see.
[HISSING]
[GRUNTING]
- Oh!
SNAKE: It seems that I have an advantage.
I've defeated the bear
and I will defeat you.
[HISSES]
SNAKE:
Not if you cannot see me.
You only see
what is right in front of you.
If you want to find me.
you must go beyond what you see.
You cannot trust your eyes.
[HISSES LOUDLY]
SNAKE:
You cannot trust your ears.
[HISSES]
I could be anywhere.
- Gotcha.
- Hsss!
Very well. You may proceed.
[DOOR SLIDING OPEN]
At this rate I'll never get anywhere.
Titans. go.
[YELLING SOFTLY]
[YELLING]
[GRUNTS]
[GROWLS]
"Why. Starfire.
You hair looks especially shiny today."
"Thank you. Robin.
I rinsed. lathered and repeated."
I can't believe you two would just barge
into Robin's room when he's gone...
...dress up in his uniform
and pretend to be Robin?
BOTH:
Well...
Without me?
- Heh. heh. Dude. suit up.
- Oh. yes.
Come "Robin-ing" with us.
It is most delightful.
You couldn't just take a class.
You had to travel around the world.
There must be an easier way up
this mountain.
There is an easy way up this hill
and a right way.
Which do you choose?
How did you get up there?
Same as you. I climbed.
How much farther is it
until I reach the mountaintop?
Such a journey cannot be measured
in steps taken. young warrior.
Look. I just wanna know
if we're talking feet. yards or miles.
If you keep stopping to chat...
...you will never make it up
the mountain before sunset.
[EXHALES]
Thanks for your help.
Bad guys beware.
there's a new Robin in town.
[IMITATING MOTORCYCLE ENGINE]
Okay. man. My turn.
[BOTH GRUNTING AND STRAINING]
STARFIRE [OVER RADIO]:
Robin calling Robin.
Robin here. Over.
No. Not you. Robin. The other Robin.
What's up. Robin?
[IMITATING MOTORCYCLE ENGINE]
Well. this is just disturbing.
Disturbing. yet magnificent.
Join us. I never knew wearing a cape
was so much fun.
It is wonderful to be Robin.
Yeah. He has all the best stuff.
Uh...
Right.
Come on. Haven't you ever wondered
what it would be like to be Robin?
You know you wanna try it.
[CHUCKLES]
I am the guardian of the trees.
And if I wanna get up the mountain.
I must first defeat you.
How did you know
I was going to say that?
Do you know
what I am going to say next?
- No.
- Me neither.
Been a while since anyone's
gotten this far up the mountain.
You must be a good warrior to have
defeated the bear and the snake.
Let's get this over with.
No. no. no. We do not need to fight
so soon. Would you like some tea?
I just wanna fight you
so I can get to the top.
Yes. I see. We are very serious.
Yes. Let's go.
[GRUNTING]
MONKEY:
Monkey see. monkey do.
Monkey just made a fool of you.
Ha. ha. ha!
Unless you can quickly grow a tail.
it appears you are at a disadvantage. Heh.
[SHRIEKS]
Monkey see. monkey do.
[SHRIEKING]
[GRUNTS]
[LAUGHING]
Very well.
Finally.
Your journey
to find the true master ends now.
Katarou. why are you here?
To train with the true master. of course.
You said you'd already trained with him.
That's what I wanted you to think.
I knew if I told you.
you would go and seek the true master.
And all I had to do
was follow you up the mountain.
- Why did you need me?
- I could have come up without you.
But then I would be tired from fighting
all the challenges. like you are.
I'm not too tired to finish
what I started.
[YELLING AND GRUNTING]
You don't deserve to train
with the true master.
ROBIN:
You haven't earned it.
I deserve it more than you.
I am the better fighter.
You aren't so tough
without your weapons.
I still have your weapons.
Rise. young warrior.
You must get up.
Your journey is not over.
I can't fight him. He has all my weapons.
I have nothing.
When you began your journey.
you were determined.
Nothing could stop you.
And now that you are so close...
...are you willing to give up so easily?
It was easier at the beginning.
CHU-HUI:
Beginnings are often easier.
But think of all that you have
accomplished along your journey.
What you have learned from your battles
with the bear. the snake. the monkey.
What's the point
of fighting my way up...
...when someone is gonna
come up the easy way?
There is always going to be someone
who does things the easy way.
But that should not stop you
from doing things the right way.
It is your journey. young warrior.
Only you decide when it ends.
True master. I am ready to train.
ROBIN: You'll see the true master
when you are ready.
Give up. You cannot defeat me.
I've beaten guys much bigger than you.
Claws of the iron bear.
How are you going to beat me
if you cannot even see me?
I don't need to see you.
CHU-HUI:
Strike of the blind serpent.
[HISSES]
I see you are serious about winning.
So am I.
[IMITATES APE GIBBERING]
CHU-HUI:
Duel of the leaping monkey.
There's an easy way
and a hard way down this hill.
Looks like you're taking the hard way.
[YELLS]
The true master must train me.
You did not make it up the mountain
on your own skills.
You tried before on your own
but could not make it.
You are a thief and a cheater.
The true master will not train you.
Not now. Not ever.
- But...
CHU-HUI: Take him off my mountain.
Consider this a gift
for showing me the way.
You're the true master.
But why didn't you tell me?
You never asked.
So why was it so important
that I get to the top before sunset?
It is much easier to see
the path when it's not dark.
All this time I thought there was some deep
meaning to everything you were saying.
Ah. young warrior. you take things
much too seriously.
I am ready to train with you.
true master.
I believe you are.
[POLES BANGING TOGETHER]
Do you desire
another slice of the cheese. Robin?
Thanks. Robin.
Got room for another one. Robin?
Don't mind if I do. Robin.
You know. Robins. I have to admit.
the mask makes me feel cool.
Huh. Pizza. Sweet.
You know. Robins.
the mask makes me feel cool too.
Subtitles by
SDI Media Group
[ENGLISH SDH]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today